Update test plan (#8897)
gravitational/teleport: docs/testplan.md

- [ ] Change `second_factor` type to `on` and verify that mfa is required (no option `none` in dropdown)

#### MFA require auth

> Go to Account Settings > Two-Factor Devices and register a new device by clicking "Add new two-factor device"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to `Account Settings` > `Two-Factor Devices` and register a new device
```

- [ ] Change `second_factor` type to `on` and verify that mfa is required (no option `none` in dropdown)

#### MFA require auth

> Through the CLI, `tsh login` and register a WebAuthn key with `tsh mfa add`.

Reviewer: we don't need to use the CLI anymore for this so lets rewrite to a general `register a webauthn key`

Using the same user as above:
- [ ] Verify logging in with registered WebAuthn key works
- [ ] Verify connecting to a ssh node prompts you to tap your registered WebAuthn key
- [ ] Verify in the web terminal, you can scp upload/download files

> #### MFA Management (UI)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### MFA Management
```

this section (and below) is actually under a huge section called [Web UI](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/blob/master/docs/testplan.md#web-ui), so all test under it implies it's for UI

- [ ] Verify adding first device works without requiring re-authentication
- [ ] Verify re-authenticating with a WebAuthn device works
- [ ] Verify re-authenticating with a U2F device works
- [ ] Verify re-authenticating with a OTP device works
- [ ] Verify adding a WebAuthn device works
- [ ] Verify adding a U2F device works
- [ ] Verify adding an OTP device works

> - [ ] Verify removing a device works

Reviewer: lets also add
```
- [ ] Verify `second_factor` set to `off` disables adding devices
```

## Cloud
From your cloud staging account, change the field `teleportVersion` to the test version.
```
$ kubectl -n <namespace> edit tenant
```

> #### Recovery Code Management (UI)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Recovery Code Management
```

- [ ] Verify generating recovery codes for local accounts with email usernames works

> - [ ] Verify local accounts with non-email usernames don't have access to generate recovery codes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Verify local accounts with non-email usernames are not able to generate recovery codes
```

> - [ ] Verify SSO accounts don't have access to generate recovery codes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Verify SSO accounts are not able to generate recovery codes
```
